I know you want the resources behind me.
A career-focused woman like you
It is impossible to casually put 6% of the shares
Distribute to outsiders
Tell me what you want.
I can't hide it from you
Since you helped me before
I knew you must not be an ordinary person.
And from today's perspective
You are stronger than others
I just helped you at the time
Don't worry about it
Today's various
It's also because Lin Mengdi didn't believe me before
Just teach him a lesson now
Make Gong Luoming obedient
And can manipulate the entire Golden Dragon Horn
Your strength must be unfathomable
And I just want to work with you
After all, I can get your help.
Our entire menstrual period is in Guangzhou
Future development
But don't worry
Then you don't have to worry.
As long as you perform well
I will see
And tonight
You stood for me in front of so many people
If you need anything in the future, just mention it.
Then I would like to thank Mr. Long first
Dude go first
Contact later
This man really has the appearance of a real dragon